Lingkang is not dead
That's not possible.
In reality, the five poison powder that ranks first in the world
I was living together with five people
Impossible to be alive
It doesn't matter if he is real or fake, what kind of formation is Jin Zheng?
Please stop killing the five elements
Ya, hahahaha.
Mingchao, hand over the unparalleled mysterious method.
I can spare your life as much as possible
size
This technique is peerless and forbidden
You have to remember
Before the power reaches the realm of the gods
Do not fight easily
Otherwise, it is not even easy to become stupid
Or die
Be sure to remember
Those who commit crimes against me will be killed without mercy